Updated Privacy Statement (#872)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Privacy-Statement.md

# Privacy Statement

> **The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement.  If there are conflicts with other translations the English version governs.  This statement applies to the _current version_ of the Jamulus software.  Earlier versions may have had different privacy  terms which are no longer supported.  Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement. Should a conflict arise between the English language version and any translation hereof, the English version shall prevail. This statement applies to the _current version_ of the Jamulus software. Earlier versions may have had different privacy terms which are no longer applicable. Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**
```

> **The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement for the _current version_ of the software available on this website. If there is a conflict between the English language version and any translation, the English version shall apply. Earlier versions may have had different privacy terms that are no longer applicable or supported. Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement for the _current version_ of the software available on this website. Earlier versions of the software and non-English translations of this privacy policy may have different terms that are no longer applicable or supported.**
```

Reviewer 2: That last sentence seems a little out of place. Do we say this anywhere else? That _Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software_? I saw distros recently with many old versions of Jamulus. Are we saying what we encourage here due to the privacy policy? It's generally a best practice to use latest bits. But why are we mentioning it here?

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure what "different terms" refers to here exactly (perhaps outdated vocabulary, but also in translated cases things might just be out of date). But it seems like a sort of quasi-legalese reminder that we may make updates to Jamulus that could affect issues mentioned in the privacy policy. Seems fair enough, but perhaps the last sentence is redundant.

Reviewer 2: I've removed the sentence from my suggestion.

Reviewer 4: @gilgongo please apply this if you're ok with it.

> **The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement for the _current version_ of the software available on this website. If there is a conflict between the English language version and any translation, the English version shall apply. Earlier versions may have had different privacy terms which are no longer applicable or supported. Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement for the _current version_ of the software available on this website. If there is a conflict between the English language version and any translation, the English version shall apply. Earlier versions may have had different privacy terms that are no longer applicable or supported. Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**
```

> **The English version of this document represents the official privacy statement. Should a conflict arise between the English language version and any translation hereof, the English version shall prevail. This statement applies to the _current version_ of the Jamulus software. Earlier versions may have had different privacy terms which are no longer applicable. Users are encouraged to use the most current version of the Jamulus software.**

Reviewer 4: I suggest to use simpler English for texts like this.
arise, prevail, applicable,... maybe we find simpler synonyms?

> ## Definition of Terms

Reviewer 5: If this page intentionally _only_ applies to users of the _client_, that needs to be made clear very early, not just left for the reader to work out from what's being said.

Reviewer 2: I think this privacy statement applies to the current version of both client and server software.

Reviewer 5: There is only one piece of software.  How you use it is up to you but the the terms and conditions apply to that _one piece_ of software.

> - "**Server**" The Jamulus Server software running on a remote computer to which Clients connect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "**Server**" The Jamulus software running as a Server and accepting connections from Clients
```

> - "**Server**" The Jamulus Server software running on a remote computer to which you will connect.

Reviewer 5: This assumes I'm not a server operator.  "Server" should mean the same whether or not I'm running one.

> - "**Client**" The Jamulus software running on your local computer used to connect to a Server

Reviewer 5: This assumes I'm not a server operator.  "Client" should mean the same whether or not I'm running one.

- "**Directory**" A Jamulus Server configured to supply a list of Servers to Clients

> ## Jamulus.io Web site

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Jamulus.io Website
```

> The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. See Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. See Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy. The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) does not set tracking cookies.
```

> The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. See Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy. The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) does not set tracking cookies.

Reviewer 3: Would this be a compromise wording? 

```suggestion
The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. The Jamulus team have not constructed the website to set tracking cookies, but see Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy overall. 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know what the issues are. It sounds like there's some way in which we don't fully control the website at jamulus.io.

Reviewer 3: While there is nothing that we **ourselves** put on the website that tracks users, the website is hosted by GitHub. They could easily add tracking code without us being able to stop them.

Reviewer 4: I think that @gilgongo 's wording is good.

> The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. The Jamulus team have not constructed the website to set tracking cookies, but see Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy overall. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. The Jamulus team has not constructed the website to set tracking cookies, but see Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy overall. 
```

> The website at [jamulus.io](https://jamulus.io) is served using GitHub Pages. See Github's [privacy policy](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement) for information relating to data collection and privacy.

Reviewer 4: I'd like to have the sentence "We do not set tracking cookies" or something comparable here. At least it should be clear that the Jamulus Team does nothing privacy critical on the Website.

## Jamulus Software

> Jamulus is open source software and can therefore be modified by others.  As such, the Jamulus project makes no representations related to privacy, data collection, or security with respect to your use of the software.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jamulus is open source software and can therefore be modified by others. As such, the Jamulus project makes no representations related to privacy, data collection, or security with respect to your use of the software.  
```

Author: What is your suggestion here?  To remove the header?  Or to just address the extra space?  (I'm an old school typist who automatically adds two spaces after a period... I get smacked on this all the time :-) )

> Jamulus is open source software and can therefore be modified by others. As such, the Jamulus project makes no representations related to privacy, data collection, or security with respect to your use of the software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jamulus is open source software that can be modified by anyone. As such, the Jamulus project can make no representations related to privacy, data collection, or security with respect to your use of the software.
```

> Jamulus is open source software and can therefore be modified by others. As such, the Jamulus project makes no representations related to privacy, data collection, or security with respect to your use of the software.  

Reviewer 4: This privacy statement only holds for the Version provided on this Website.

## General Information

> Under normal use with software downloaded from this website that has not been modified, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 

Reviewer 5: Trailing space.
```suggestion
Under normal use with software downloaded from this website that has not been modified, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties.
```

> Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 

Reviewer 4: I know that we had the discussion somewhere else, but "unmodified" software could be rephrased to "version downloaded from this website" and we'd then say that we refer to this as "unmodified software" later on.

> Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under normal use with software downloaded from this website that has not been modified, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 
```

> Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to any interested third party (including Directories) that uses the Jamulus protocol.  This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile.  The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or normally available to third parties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with the Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to any interested third party (including Directories) that uses the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; however, this information is not shared with peers on the same Server nor is it normally available to third parties.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if I understood that last sentence correctly. Anyway, "normally" is a bit ambiguous isn't it? Under what circumstances **is** it available to third parties?

Author: Fair point, I was reinforcing that a "modified" server may share that.  I think I can remove that final qualification.

Reviewer: Since we can't even begin to guess or cover what a "modified" version might do, I think it should be clearly stated somewhere that this privacy statement only applies to the Jamulus version downloaded through our website (like the previous statement did).

> Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that uses the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to third parties (including Directories) that use the Jamulus protocol. This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile. The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 
```

> Under normal use with unmodified software, your user profile information is exchanged with Servers you connect to, peers connected to those same Servers, and to any interested third party (including Directories) that uses the Jamulus protocol.  This information is limited to your Jamulus name, city, country, instrument, and skill level as you have set them in your profile.  The Servers you connect to will also have access to your internet address (IP Address) as it is required for the software to work; but this information is not shared with peers on the same Server or available to third parties. 

Reviewer 4: Remove "interested".

Also there's an unneeded space after the full stop.

All communications between and among Clients, Servers, Directories, and third-party protocol users are sent without encryption.

## Jamulus Servers

> When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information, some modified Servers may do this; therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. An operator can turn on logging features that store your connection or profile information, or collect API results that contain this information. You should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.
```

Reviewer 4: You mean via JSON-RPC and logging features?

I'd maybe clarify that with something like 

Server owners might choose to enable logging features ...

--> IP adresses

As far as I know we don't allow storing (=logging) profile data. We just provide an API (JSON-RPC) which might expose the data similarly to a connected client. This can be used to save profile data. 

--> We don't allow storing profile data, but we expose all the data which a connected client can get + IP via JSON RPC

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure _allow_ is the right word, but think you're saying JSON-RPC exposes client IP addresses, which the operator could log?

Reviewer 4: Yes. JSON RPC and the logging capabilities of Jamulus expose client IPs which could be considered as private information.

> When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information, some modified Servers may do this; therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information by default, some Servers may be configured to do so. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.
```

> When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy.  While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information, some modified Servers may do this; and you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information, some modified Servers may do this; therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.
```

> When you connect to a Server, either directly or through a Directory, the operator of that Server is responsible for its operation policy, privacy policy, and data use policy. While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information, some modified Servers may do this; therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address.

Reviewer 4: Store your connection or profile information ... by default ...

IP's are logged if you use the .deb file as the Server outputs it to stdout and this is logged usually.

Reviewer 2: Sounds like our Server emits IP addresses to stdout. Does our code (including scripts we provide) also log this? (Like bash with > I would assume.) If not, then our unmodified software is not logging.

Reviewer 3: I think the line "you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to your profile information or internet address" should be clear enough :-) (I think @ann0see means the .deb has a [systemd unit file](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/blob/master/linux/debian/jamulus-headless.service) distributed with it that logs IP addresses to journald, which you could turn off).

Reviewer 4: Exactly what @gilgongo said.

Reviewer 5: > While unmodified Servers do not log or store your connection or profile information

This simply is _not true_.  The _unmodified software_ is perfectly capable of doing this.  This needs to say that such logging does not happen by default but some servers may be configured to do so - making it clear that it's configuration not modification of the software, two distinct concepts.

Reviewer 3: Updated to say that now.

## Chat Exchanges

> Chats are textual messages that can be exchanged between Clients connected to the same Server. Everyone connected to a Server can see all chats and there should be no expectation of privacy with respect to information sent through the chat feature of Jamulus. While unmodified Servers do not log or store chats, some modified Servers may do this.

Reviewer 5: And here is an example where "unmodified software" is correct: there is no (currently) configurable setting to _log_ chat messages, either on the client or server.  So someone would have to actively modify the software to support this feature.

> Chats are textual messages that can be exchanged between Clients connected to the same Server.  Everyone connected to a Server can see all chats and there should be no expectation of privacy with respect to information sent through the chat feature of Jamulus.  While unmodified Servers do not log or store chats, some modified Servers may do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chats are textual messages that can be exchanged between Clients connected to the same Server. Everyone connected to a Server can see all chats and there should be no expectation of privacy with respect to information sent through the chat feature of Jamulus. While unmodified Servers do not log or store chats, some modified Servers may do this.
```

## Audio Recordings

> Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each channel are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each connection are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.```

It's a connection I guess.

> Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each channel are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.

Reviewer 3: The suggestion syntax here is wrong I think. But I'm not sure if "connection" is better than "channel" though (I think you can can connect to a Server without creating a channel?)

Reviewer 2: A stereo connection has two channels. Yes?

Reviewer 5: > (I think you can can connect to a Server without creating a channel?)

No - the server doesn't recognise a "connection" without audio being sent.  (UDP is connectionless.)

Ad hoc requests for information, like "give me the list of connections" (used in the Connect dialog) are "connectionless" requests.

Reviewer 3: > No - the server doesn't recognise a "connection" without audio being sent. (UDP is connectionless.)

Oh OK. I was thinking of the case where a server uses `-L` and the participant hasn't accepted yet.

Reviewer 5: As far as I remember, the client isn't recognised (and the response indicating the prompt should be displayed isn't sent) until the first audio packet is received.  I don't remember how the mix is handled (you can hear others but not be heard).

Reviewer 2: Maybe _fader_ is the word. Each _fader_.

> Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on.  Recordings of each player are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each player are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.
```

> Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each player are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unmodified Servers will display a notice if recording is turned on. Recordings of each channel are stored by the Server and are controlled by the Server operator.
```

> It is possible for connected clients to make recordings of sessions outside of Jamulus itself for which there may be no notice or indication.  Jamulus has no way to detect or control these situations and makes no representations as to the collection or use of such recording data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible for connected Clients to make recordings of sessions outside of Jamulus itself, for which there may be no notice or indication. Jamulus has no way to detect or control these situations and makes no representations as to the collection or use of such recording data.
```

## Directories

> 

Reviewer 4: ... If you do not wish to send your information to the directories, start Jamulus from the command line to directly connect to a server.

(or something comparable)

Reviewer 2: If I connect to a server using command line, doesn't that server report me to a directory if it's listed on one?

Reviewer 3: Not sure what @ann0see means by this

Reviewer 4: If someone does not like his IP to be published to the directory, they should not open the connect window at all. This they should start Jamulus with the -c flag to connect directly to the server they want to jam on.

Reviewer 3: Oh OK, so we'd have to say something like "IP addresses of servers connected to public Directories are displayed on explorer.jamulus.io..." and then explain what to do? Privacy statements don't tend to also be instruction manuals but I guess we could?

Reviewer 2: You're saying my IP _as a client_ is published to the directory unless I connect using -c ?

Reviewer 4: > start the client with -c and never open the Connection Setup dialog. Right? The IP addresses of servers are published by the Directory. (Right?)

correct.

Reviewer 3: Given that (as a non-technical person) you can only get the IP address of servers on Directories from Explorer, which ping times do not relate to your client, isn't the `-c` method pretty theoretical? How would you know which server to connect to?

Reviewer 4: Yes, you'd need to look via Explorer or something else, unless you get the IP from someone. I'd assume that people who don't want to send their IP are using unregistered servers or know (mostly) what they're doing/get help.

Reviewer 3: In that case it sounds like we need to say "If you do not wish to send your information to the Directories, you will need to connect to Servers directly" and leave them to read the manual I think. Otherwise any recommended usage methods in this doc start duplicating what's in the manual and it's all going to fall apart over time.

Reviewer 4: Ok. Then write it like that.

> Directories are central connection points for locating Servers. The Jamulus Client comes with a pre-defined list of Directories for the convenience of users. These Directories are independently operated but are represented as running unmodified versions of the Jamulus software.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Directories are central connection points for locating Servers. The Jamulus Client comes with a pre-defined list of Directories for the convenience of users. These Directories are independently operated but are represented as running unmodified versions of the Jamulus software. If you do not wish to send your information to the Directories, you will need to connect to Servers directly.
```

Reviewer 5: Not entirely true.  Volker runs the latest release on his built in Any Genre directories.  I run the latest tagged release on the other built in Genre servers, which will edge towards the next release as we get closer.  (I also run the latest release on private.jamulus.io (which is the same as updatecheck2) and master on my other directories.)

In fact...
> unmodified versions of the Jamulus software

What does that mean?  I build my own executable version on my own Ubuntu install that doesn't match the VM the packaged .deb file is built on.  I don't install that .deb file.  I don't know what Volker does - he may well build off the version tag like I do and his system could differ again...  So here, it might be better to say `Jamulus source for the latest release` -- and even then, when I broke 3.8.0, Volker ran a patched version on his directories (I kept updatecheck2 on the release version).

Reviewer 3: Sorry, can you explain what you mean about what's not entirely true?

Reviewer 5: I should have commented directly on the change, sorry - I'd not seen it when reviewing.  I wasn't commenting on your suggestion.  The issue is that the directories are run by people compiling any version of Jamulus with any changes made to the source that they want to incorporate.  Stating that these are "unmodified versions of the Jamulus software" is probably stretching the truth beyond breaking point.

Reviewer 2: _are represented as running..._

This is a passive verb, so it's not clear who is representing them as running anything in particular. Do the individual operators _represent_ (say/claim) these builds to be unmodified? If they do, then we can say they do claim this. I am not sure running "latest release" vs. "latest tagged release" is what's intended by unmodified in this case. We are talking about modifications that harvest or even distribute user information in ways contrary to project claims / "representations". Hmmm, my 2 cents.

Reviewer 3: So it would be true to say "These Directories are operated by members of the Jamulus team and run unmodified versions of the Jamulus software." ?

Reviewer 5: That still doesn't say what an "unmodified version of the Jamulus software" is.  Is it the latest released .deb?  Is it a version on master with some commit id?

In fact, it's not necessarily either of those as I think I passed the patch file directly to Volker for the bug fix and said "Here, patch your source until it's in the tree".

So no one can say what version of Jamulus the built in directories are running.

Reviewer 3: OK, but the central point is that in connecting to any directory you are connecting to a system that isn't under your control and could harvest information or otherwise act against you. 

So might we just say "These Directories are independently operated instances of Jamulus in Directory mode." and leave the reader to make their own judgement about that in the same way that (presumably) they would in connecting their web browser to somebody else's website?

> Directories are central connection points for locating Servers.  The Jamulus Client comes with a pre-defined list of Directories for the convenience of users.  These Directories are independently operated but are represented as running unmodified versions of the Jamulus software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directories are central connection points for locating Servers. The Jamulus Client comes with a pre-defined list of Directories for the convenience of users. These Directories are independently operated but are represented as running unmodified versions of the Jamulus software.
```

## Definition of Terms

- "**Server**" The Jamulus Server software running on a remote computer to which Clients connect

> - "**Client**" The Jamulus software used to connect to a Server

Reviewer 5: The above two lines make it sound like there are two different pieces of software.  That's not _necessarily_ the case.  The same software can be running in the same place as _both_ Server and Client.  (Two different processes with different command lines, but the same software...)

Reviewer 3: Given that this is just a definition for the purposes of the privacy statement, could we say:

"Server" An instance of Jamulus configured as a Server for Clients
"Client"  An instance of Jamulus configured to connect to Jamulus configured as a Server. 

I note that the man page refers to "server mode" and "client mode" - maybe that's easier to understand in this context?

"Server" An instance of Jamulus configured in server mode.
"Client"  An instance of Jamulus configured client mode.

Reviewer 5: See [@mcfnord's suggestion](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamuluswebsite/pull/872#pullrequestreview-1178170645).
